central banks have done the impossible
they've made inflation go away all you
have to do is stick your head in the
sand you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you in today's video
we are going to look at the Central Bank
activities what they've been doing and
my goodness what they are about to do
it's going to be painful for a lot of
people but if you position yourself
appropriately you will be um really in
the top 1% of Those Who come out on the
other side because according to the bank
for international settlements central
banks on the brink of victory in the
inflation fight they're telling you
they're doing such a great job and when
you look at their numbers it's true it's
true things are okay I guess central
banks have taken decisive action thus
prevented inflation from becoming
entrenched at the same time economic
activity has been remarkably resilient
and the financial system has held up
well that's true if we use their numbers
it is true right so we can do that we
can we can use their numbers why not
right um we we just have to ignore a lot
of reality okay and so I guess you can
bury your head in the sand it just it's
just hard to breathe under there that's
all at the same time we're seeing gold
hitting a record high one of those
reasons being us rate cut optimism
saying look they're going to cut
interest rates it's going going to
happen and as a result inflation is
going to go higher but wait a minute if
gold is going higher and that is a
signal of a devaluation of the currency
a signal of
inflation then what do we being told by
the bank for international settlements
something is is fishy something's
off well the data is in how QT that's
quantitative tightening impacts the
markets moves by central banks to reduce
their balance sheets have not had the
impact feared by many wait a second so
they can do
QT they can pull out all of that money
that they put in in an emergency and
everything's going to be fine actually
if you read this article and the next
one I'll show you out of the financial
times this is the like the case they're
making people were so worried about
quantitative tightening but you don't
have to be you don't have to worry
because everything is going to be a okay
yes that's right quantitative tightening
doesn't cause a problem and they say
look the last time we did this it didn't
cause an issue so this time it won't
either other than that you know little
little blip little bump in the road but
nothing to worry about there's just one
just just one little problem I'll get
into that a
sec here they
say QT programs have so far been working
as Central bank's intended they are in
the background and not seen as an active
tool for adjusting monetary policy at
the same time they have provided a small
degree of support for Central bank's
effort to tighten Financial conditions
with minimal impact on Market
functioning and liquidity QT has worked
in the opposite direction of
quantitative easing but the effects are
much much more muted that's right hey
saying
we could do whatever we want with no
repercussions I I just have just
something to say and I know that a lot
of people like the the there's a couple
YouTubers who would agree with that okay
that's fine that's their opinion right
of course the facts we have would say
otherwise but that's their opinion they
are entitled to that of course I I
completely agree with that there's just
one issue uh when you did quantitative
tightening you didn't really tighten
that much you didn't
think about it they're already talking
about stopping okay and there's
literally $7
trillion of assets on the bank's Bal on
the federal reserve's balance sheet $7
trillion and you're starting to talk
about normalizing the balance sheet well
if there wasn't an issue why not just
bring it to
zero well well why not oh we need enough
reserves in the system okay
sure I get I yeah sure okay so just
you're you're still buying mortgage back
Securities in the in the sense of you're
you're still like you're not increasing
the amount of mortgage back Securities
but but you're actively buying them and
you're actively buying treasuries too
you're really the lender of Last Resort
you're the buyer of Last Resort and you
can't stop because if you do the entire
system will fall apart they don't want
to tell you that do doesn't Jive well
with their
theories the skyrocketing costs driving
cheeseburger prices up and restaurant
owners out escalating payroll costs and
diners dwindling tolerance for higher
checks are putting independent
restaurants in a
squeeze and so you see what's happening
here this is the bigger picture when you
devalue a currency many things happen
all right so of course you devalue a
currency things go up in price that's
what happens but at the same time if
stuff is more expensive well then the
workers are saying hey I need a you know
a liveable wage I need to make more
money and so their employer can do a few
things they could say normally we have
three people working now we can only
have two people working okay maybe they
lay off or maybe they don't hire back
like as people drop off and so on it
could go either way but you also have
issue like I've seen receipts crazy just
recently where they put a TX I I
commented about this on on X uh recently
where the example there was a a bill a
receipt from somebody and it
showed it showed all the things you know
this is the food this the cost of the
food the drinks whatever and then it
said restaurant fee
5% restaurant fee so it's like isn't the
reason I'm here to eat food and then
there's a fee for the restaurant like it
doesn't even make sense but they're just
tacking that on you didn't I mean maybe
there's like fine print on the menu
maybe but you know you go to order you
say okay this is my price but then
another 5% and then you got to tip you
know you look at these tips right now
what happened to 15% that's not even on
there anymore you got to go to custom if
you wanted to hit that now it's 18 20 25
30 all these things even when you go to
little kiosks and you go to get an
espresso and there's a tip thing I mean
I guess you can tip it's okay to tip but
it's like tips everywhere tip flation
we're getting the tip flation okay
anyway the point is that you've got
issues that they don't want to talk
about with the devaluation of the
currency this is the thing right
everything is going up and it stems from
this devaluation but don't worry they
told you some of these guys told you
that it's not caused by printing money
okay everyone because they're not
printing money no
they're just shuffling around some
treasuries and stuff that doesn't create
inflation okay yeah all right okay okay
yeah Disney it's like a Disney story
okay it's really believable yeah Powell
responded okay this is this is basically
talking about think about this Congress
asks Jerome Powell the Federal Reserve a
question and the reply is
basically uh you know we don't have to
tell you anything
this is this is what happened okay
talking about the gold so they're saying
hey you got gold right and they're
saying you know Powell basically says
look we are custodian for a small
portion of the US government's gold and
so on and so forth all right and then
what they said was the refusal of the
chairman of the Federal Reserve board to
even acknowledge much less reply to the
questions of a member of Congress about
the repatriation of gold from the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York
confirms that something really big is
going on with gold internationally if
people want to bring their goal
back if countries want to bring their
goal back something is going
on something is odd where is the gold we
had the previous treasury secretary
munchkin Steven
munchkin the little munchkin went in to
Fort Knox he came out
and he tweeted he
said uh glad gold is safe that's right
glad glad gold is safe with an
exclamation
point it's interesting because um he
didn't there was no audit I mean he
walked around I guess he counted maybe
maybe he counted all the gold bars make
sure they're all
there um actually he said glad gold is
safe was he talking about uh the gold in
general like just just gold in general
safe or was he talking about the gold
there huh okay so I guess maybe that
wasn't exactly a confident uh confidence
inspiring tweet yeah all right anyway
enough with the sarcasm GPS look the
situation we have today is that there's
a devaluation of the currency when you
look at real things it doesn't matter
what it is anything it could be food
could be your energy it could be your
house all of these things are costing a
lot more and do you think that's going
to change anytime soon you're being sold
this narrative that everything's going
to be way cheaper but it doesn't work
like that because these criminals the
Federal Reserve and of course the just
as complacent the government they are
all actively trying to do something that
they've been doing for a long time and
that is devalue your currency making
your savings worth nothing nothing and
they're doing a great job of it if we
said you and I right now we said how
well can we destroy a currency like what
could we do I mean we just have to look
at this Playbook and think wow they have
done a really good job really good job
and nobody sees that connection because
you print money it takes a long time for
that to eventually make its way around
it's not like hey
we're going to you know give some money
out from the government $1,400 check
here you go instantly it goes into Robin
Hood accounts you remember that and
people buy up some stocks that's a
different scenario it has to SLO its way
around the financial system make its way
around you can't make that direct
Connection in many ways until you start
looking at what I call the money mirror
method or what I call they call them fed
net liquidity so that's the explanation
of what you need to know Finance Friday
Crew Live my live 2our every Friday uh
group we know all about that we get into
that and if you want to join hit that
link in the description below where I
can get into the details for you there I
hope you'll join because that's the
place where I can just get level with
everybody explain it to you all I want
to thank you for being here today hit
that thumbs up button on the way out and
of course as always I'll see you
tomorrow take care